docs: propagate Python to all parts of the Platform documentation (#711)
apify/apify-docs: sources/platform/storage/index.md

---

> The Apify platform includes three types of storage you can use both in your [Actors](../actors/index.mdx) and outside the Apify platform via [API](/api/v2#/), the [JavaScript SDK](/sdk/js), the [Python SDK](/sdk/python), the [JavaScript API client](/api/client/js) and [Python API client](/api/client/python).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Apify platform includes four types of storage you can use both in your [Actors](../actors/index.mdx) and outside the Apify platform via [API](/api/v2#/): the [JavaScript SDK](/sdk/js), the [Python SDK](/sdk/python), the [JavaScript API client](/api/client/js), and the [Python API client](/api/client/python).
```

This page contains a brief introduction of the three types of Apify Storage.

* [Dataset](#dataset) - storage for data objects such as scraping output.
* [Key-value store](#key-value-store) - storage for arbitrary data records such as files, images, and strings.
* [Request queue](#request-queue) - a queue of URLs for your Actors to visit.

> You will then find [basic usage](#basic-usage) information relating to all three types of storage. For example, how to manage your storages in [Apify Console](#apify-console), the basics of setting up the [JavaScript SDK and Crawlee](#javascript-sdk-and-crawlee), [Python SDK](#python-sdk), the [JavaScript API client](#javascript-api-client), the [Python API client](/api/client/python), and general information for using storages with the [Apify API](#apify-api).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will then find [basic usage](#basic-usage) information relating to all types of storage. For example, how to manage your storage in [Apify Console](#apify-console), the basics of setting up the [JavaScript SDK and Crawlee](#javascript-sdk-and-crawlee), [Python SDK](#python-sdk), the [JavaScript API client](#javascript-api-client), and the [Python API client](/api/client/python). You will also find general information for using storage with the [Apify API](#apify-api).
```

> Never share a URL containing your authentication token, as this will compromise your account's security. <br/>
> If the data you want to share requires a token, first download the data, then share it as a file.

### JavaScript SDK and Crawlee {#javascript-sdk-and-crawlee}

> The [Apify JavaScript SDK](/sdk/js) is a JavaScript/Node.js library providing tools to build your own Actors. [Crawlee](https://crawlee.dev/) is a JavaScript/Node.js library which allows you to build your own web scraping and automation solutions (formerly was a part of JavaScript SDK). Both libraries require [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) 16 or later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Apify JavaScript SDK](/sdk/js) is a JavaScript/Node.js library providing tools to build your own Actors. [Crawlee](https://crawlee.dev/) is a JavaScript/Node.js library that allows you to build your own web scraping and automation solutions (it was formerly a part of the JavaScript SDK). Both libraries require [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) 16 or later.
```

See [Crawlee documentation](https://crawlee.dev/docs/quick-start) for setup instructions and to learn how to build your own crawlers and run them on the [Apify platform](https://crawlee.dev/docs/guides/apify-platform).

### Python SDK {#python-sdk}

> The [Apify Python SDK](/sdk/python) is a Python library providing tools to build your own Actors. We do not currently have an alternative to Crawlee for Python, but we plan to develop it in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Apify Python SDK](/sdk/python) is a Python library providing tools to build your own Actors. We do not currently have an alternative to Crawlee for Python, but we plan on developing it in the future.
```
